---
title: "myCPU Downloads: Technical documentation"
subtitle: "All tecnical documentation, schematics and more..."
layout: page
gallery: technical_docs_gallery
galleryType: download
show_sidebar: false
hide_footer: true
hide_hero: false
hero_height: hero-minHeigth
hero_darken: false
---
On this page you find the downloads for all related technical documentation to the myCPU project.

### Organization

The documentation are organized in individual PDF documents, each module and printed board has its own PDF document. Each PDF document is composed by the next documents:
{: style="text-align: justify"}

1. **3D view**
2. **Schematic view of the circuit**
3. **Mechanical view of the board**
4. **Track view of the board**
5. **BOM list**
6. **Assembly reference list**

> I strongly recommended to use the assembly reference list during the assembly of your modules to avoid mistakes and the need to unsoldering components and to use the mechanical view to check the orientation of some components and ICs and avoid mistakes as well.
{: style="text-align: justify"}

### Color codes

The color code of the tracks and layers view is:

1. Top Layer – Green
2. Mid Layer – Orange (GND layer)
3. Mid Layer – Red (PWR layer)
4. Bottom Layer – Blue

### About NetLabels

In the schematics I made use of net labels so much instead of wiring connections, I think improve understanding and readability of the schematics on digital circuits with lot of connections. So if you are used to more to wirings, keep this in mind and pay special attention to net labels. Remember, a net label is another way to connect pins in a schematic. Other advantage of the use of custom net labels is that their names appear in the PCB diagram instead and autogenerated net label name and help a lot to design the PCB routing.
{: style="text-align: justify"}

> Pay special attention to net labels when read the schematics of myCPU
{: style="text-align: justify"}

### Downloads

Click on the thumbnail to open the pdf in a new tab or use the mouse right button to save the file.
{: style="text-align: justify"}